Bachelor Degree Project
======================================
This design consists of three parts: FPGA core board, base and display function board. The core board which is STEP-MXO2 of second generation is a compact 40-pin DIP structure of the FPGA development board. Core FPGA chip select 4000HC products of MXO2 series produced by Lattice.At the same time the core board also contains a lot of peripheral resources, including 8 LED lights, 4 DIP switch, 2 touch button, 2 digital tube, 2 three-color lights and a download interface.There are 36 available general IO interfaces on the board. Board size is 52mm X 18mm, embedded in the base through the two rows of pins. The base can be achieved to 40 feet of the core board into 52 feet both sides of the form of slot,The function of the base is to converse 40 feet into 52 feet in the form of the slot, which is easy to connect with the display function board. Display function board is an expansion of FPGA core board , which contains 16 * 8 LED dot matrix, flash chip, infrared tube and a variety of sensors.
The entire design and the various modules are programmed in Diamond which is a software designed by Lattice.Test software can be wrote to simulate the code and it is also an option to download the code into the FPGA to observe the code operation in specific products. The entire system is characterized by its precise measurement and anti-interference ability.Apart from that, working condition is stable, in most circumstances to maintain normal work.
